Samuel Britt

3155 Flowers Rd. S Apt. Q
Atlanta, GA 30341
(205) 515 0618
samuelbritt@gmail.com


EDUCATION
	2011–May 2013 (expected)
	M.S., Computer Science, Specialization in Systems Software.
	Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, GA
	Current GPA: 3.7.

	2009–2011
	Graduate Research Assistant, Materials Science & Engineering, Mechanics of Materials.
	Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, GA
	Modeling and simulation research in mechanics of α+β titanium alloys.
	GPA: 3.9.

	2004–2009
	B.S. with Highest Honors, Materials Science and Engineering.
	Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, GA
	GPA: 4.0.

SKILLS & TECHNOLOGIES
	Proficient:
		C, Python (and SciPy), Git, Mercurial, Unix, Linux, Vim, LaTeX.
	Familiar:
		C++, Java, MATLAB, Fortran, SQL, GDB, OpenMPI, Eclipse, Android development.

EXPERIENCE
	2012
	User-Level Threading Library, Class Project, Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, GA.
	* Developed a C threading library that allowed user-defined thread scheduling. The professor
		selected the library to be used in future course offerings.

	2012
	Xen Asynchronous Split-Driver Simulator, Class Project, Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, GA.
	* In a group, developed a multithreaded, multiprocess Linux application in C to simulate shared
		memory ring buffers used for asynchronous IO in Xen.

	2012–2013
	Teaching Assistant, Database Systems, Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, GA.
	* Held one-on-one meetings in class of over 240 students to teach high-level concepts such
		as entity- relationship data modeling, as well as technical help in implementing database-
		driven applications using MySQL and PHP.

	2009–2011
	Graduate Research Assistant, Materials Simulation, Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, GA.
	* Studied the mechanical response and texture evolution of α+β titanium alloys via multiscale
		modeling and simulation.
	* Developed new, thermally activated constitutive model based on unique properties of the
		titanium microstructure.
	* Implemented crystal plasticity material model, microstructure generation code, and
		post-processing routines using Fortran, C++, MATLAB, and Python.
	* Presented results regularly at the meetings of the Center for Computational Materials Design.
	* Administered the Red Hat Linux computer clusters used by all students in the research group.

	2005–2009
	Engineering Co-op, Composites Research, Southern Research Institute, Birmingham, AL.
	* Five terms as an engineering co-op, performing high-temperature materials research for
		the aerospace industry.
	* Investigated the kinetics of phenolic resin pyrolysis using isothermal and nonisothermal
		thermogravimetry at temperatures up to 1100∘C. Co-authored a report presented at the
		56th JANNAF Propulsion Meeting.
	* Designed facility for thermogravimety and dilatometry at temperatures up to 650∘C
		and pressures up to 4.15 MPa.
	* Coordinated effort to develop, build, and test a facility capable of tensile
		permeability tests up to 1900∘C.

ADVANCED COURSEWORK
	Computer Science:
		Adv. Operating Systems, Real-Time & Embedded Systems, Software Engineering: Analysis & Testing,
		HPC Architecture, Internet Computing, Computability and Algorithms, Applied Cryptography.
	Modeling & Simulation:
		Statistics & Numerical Methods, Parallel & Vector Scientific Computing, Adv. Constitutive
		Relations of Solids, Continuum Mechanics, Quantitative Characterization of Materials.
	Materials Engineering:
		Mechanical Behavior of Composites, Thermodynamics of Materials, Kinetics of Phase Transformations,
		Studies in structure-property relationships of alloys, ceramics, polymers, semiconductors, and composites.

SCHOLARSHIPS & AWARDS
	* Henry Ford Award, for the most outstanding academic record in the junior engineering class.
	* President’s Scholarship, Tech’s premier merit-based scholarship awarded to approximately 2% of students.
	* National Merit Scholarship, awarded to the top 0.6% of the 1.4 million or so high school applicants.
